seach: added query parser howto docs (#465)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/develop/howtos/search_terms_migration.md

# Create search terms mappings

This guide describes the process to create search terms mappings in the application layer.

> This is particularly useful when a certain search term is not supported anymore by the search engine, in favour of a new term, e.g., when a field's name is modified in a mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful when a certain search term is not supported anymore by the search engine or we want to simplify a search term e.g nested field, in favor of a new term, e.g., when a field's name is modified in a mapping.
```

The query is parsed in the application layer and the old term is replaced with the new one before passing the query to the search engine.

## Steps

> - Identify the legacy search term (e.g. `q=old_term:"value"`).

Reviewer: I wouldn't restrict this to `legacy` use cases as we can use the mapping just to strip some nested paths like `"title" : "metadata.title"`

- Identify the new, equivalent search term (e.g. `q=new_term:"value"`)
- Add or edit the following configuration variable in your application `invenio.cfg` file:
    ```python
    RDM_SEARCH = {
        "query_parser_cls": QueryParser.factory(
            tree_transformer_factory=SearchFieldTransformer.factory(
                mapping={
                    "old_term": "new_term"
                }
            ),
        )
    }
    ```

> ## Examples

Reviewer: Maybe add an example of a simplified query for example `authors` -> `metadata.creators....`
